# IO.Vericred - the C# library for the Vericred API

Vericred's API allows you to search for Health Plans that a specific doctor accepts.  ## Getting Started  Visit our [Developer Portal](https://vericred.3scale.net) to create an account.  Once you have created an account, you can create one Application for Production and another for our Sandbox (select the appropriate Plan when you create the Application).  ## Authentication  To authenticate, pass the API Key you created in the Developer Portal as a `Vericred-Api-Key` header.  `curl -H 'Vericred-Api-Key: YOUR_KEY' "https://api.vericred.com/providers?search_term=Foo&zip_code=11215"`  ## Versioning  Vericred's API default to the latest version.  However, if you need a specific version, you can request it with an `Accept-Version` header.  The current version is `v3`.  Previous versions are `v1` and `v2`.  `curl -H 'Vericred-Api-Key: YOUR_KEY' -H 'Accept-Version: v2' "https://api.vericred.com/providers?search_term=Foo&zip_code=11215"`  ## Pagination  Most endpoints are not paginated.  It will be noted in the documentation if/when an endpoint is paginated.  When pagination is present, a `meta` stanza will be present in the response with the total number of records  ``` {   things: [{ id: 1 }, { id: 2 }],   meta: { total: 500 } } ```  ## Sideloading  When we return multiple levels of an object graph (e.g. `Provider`s and their `State`s we sideload the associated data.  In this example, we would provide an Array of `State`s and a `state_id` for each provider.  This is done primarily to reduce the payload size since many of the `Provider`s will share a `State`  ``` {   providers: [{ id: 1, state_id: 1}, { id: 2, state_id: 1 }],   states: [{ id: 1, code: 'NY' }] } ```  If you need the second level of the object graph, you can just match the corresponding id.  ## Selecting specific data  All endpoints allow you to specify which fields you would like to return. This allows you to limit the response to contain only the data you need.  For example, let's take a request that returns the following JSON by default  ``` {   provider: {     id: 1,     name: 'John',     phone: '1234567890',     field_we_dont_care_about: 'value_we_dont_care_about'   },   states: [{     id: 1,     name: 'New York',     code: 'NY',     field_we_dont_care_about: 'value_we_dont_care_about'   }] } ```  To limit our results to only return the fields we care about, we specify the `select` query string parameter for the corresponding fields in the JSON document.  In this case, we want to select `name` and `phone` from the `provider` key, so we would add the parameters `select=provider.name,provider.phone`. We also want the `name` and `code` from the `states` key, so we would add the parameters `select=states.name,staes.code`.  The id field of each document is always returned whether or not it is requested.  Our final request would be `GET /providers/12345?select=provider.name,provider.phone,states.name,states.code`  The response would be  ``` {   provider: {     id: 1,     name: 'John',     phone: '1234567890'   },   states: [{     id: 1,     name: 'New York',     code: 'NY'   }] } ```  

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- SDK version: 0.0.3
- Build date: 2016-06-01T14:23:57.773-04:00
- Build package: class io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

## Frameworks supported
- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

## Dependencies
- [RestSharp] (https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET] (https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 7.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommned using [NuGet] (https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh compile-mono.sh`
- [Windows] `compile.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using IO.Vericred.Api;
using IO.Vericred.Client;
using IO.Vericred.Model;
```

## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using IO.Vericred.Api;
using IO.Vericred.Client;
using IO.Vericred.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {
            
            var apiInstance = new DrugsApi();
            var ndcPackageCode = 12345-4321-11;  // string | NDC package code
            var audience = individual;  // string | Two-character state code
            var stateCode = NY;  // string | Two-character state code
            var vericredApiKey = api-doc-key;  // string | API Key (optional) 

            try
            {
                // Search for DrugCoverages
                DrugCoverageResponse result = apiInstance.GetDrugCoverages(ndcPackageCode, audience, stateCode, vericredApiKey);
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling DrugsApi.GetDrugCoverages: " + e.Message );
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.vericred.com/*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DrugsApi* | [**GetDrugCoverages**](docs/DrugsApi.md#getdrugcoverages) | **GET** /drug_packages/{ndc_package_code}/coverages | Search for DrugCoverages
*DrugsApi* | [**ListDrugs**](docs/DrugsApi.md#listdrugs) | **GET** /drugs | Drug Search
*NetworksApi* | [**ListNetworks**](docs/NetworksApi.md#listnetworks) | **GET** /networks | Networks
*PlansApi* | [**FindPlans**](docs/PlansApi.md#findplans) | **POST** /plans/search | Find Plans
*ProvidersApi* | [**GetProvider**](docs/ProvidersApi.md#getprovider) | **GET** /providers/{npi} | Find a Provider
*ProvidersApi* | [**GetProviders**](docs/ProvidersApi.md#getproviders) | **POST** /providers/search | Find Providers
*ZipCountiesApi* | [**GetZipCounties**](docs/ZipCountiesApi.md#getzipcounties) | **GET** /zip_counties | Search for Zip Counties


## Documentation for Models

 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Applicant](docs/Applicant.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Carrier](docs/Carrier.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.CarrierSubsidiary](docs/CarrierSubsidiary.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.County](docs/County.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.CountyBulk](docs/CountyBulk.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Drug](docs/Drug.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.DrugCoverage](docs/DrugCoverage.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.DrugCoverageResponse](docs/DrugCoverageResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.DrugPackage](docs/DrugPackage.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.DrugSearchResponse](docs/DrugSearchResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Meta](docs/Meta.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ModelBase](docs/ModelBase.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Network](docs/Network.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.NetworkSearchResponse](docs/NetworkSearchResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Plan](docs/Plan.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.PlanCounty](docs/PlanCounty.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.PlanCountyBulk](docs/PlanCountyBulk.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.PlanSearchResponse](docs/PlanSearchResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.PlanSearchResult](docs/PlanSearchResult.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Pricing](docs/Pricing.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.Provider](docs/Provider.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ProviderShowResponse](docs/ProviderShowResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ProvidersSearchResponse](docs/ProvidersSearchResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.RatingArea](docs/RatingArea.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.RequestPlanFind](docs/RequestPlanFind.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.RequestPlanFindApplicant](docs/RequestPlanFindApplicant.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.RequestPlanFindProvider](docs/RequestPlanFindProvider.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.RequestProvidersSearch](docs/RequestProvidersSearch.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.State](docs/State.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ZipCode](docs/ZipCode.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ZipCountiesResponse](docs/ZipCountiesResponse.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ZipCounty](docs/ZipCounty.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ZipCountyBulk](docs/ZipCountyBulk.md)
 - [IO.Vericred.Model.ZipCountyResponse](docs/ZipCountyResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

